Add urlencoded request step (#2832)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-rest-api.adoc

|binary|binary-key|raw              |text/plain |raw.txt        |
----

=== Set form data HTTP request

> Sets https://www.w3.org/TR/html401/interact/forms.html#h-17.13.4.1[urlencoded] request entity that will be used while executing HTTP requests.

Reviewer: please add extra space after === Set form ...

|binary|binary-key|raw              |text/plain |raw.txt        |
----

=== Set form data HTTP request

> Sets https://www.w3.org/TR/html401/interact/forms.html#h-17.13.4.1[urlencoded] request entity that will be used while executing HTTP requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets https://www.w3.org/TR/html401/interact/forms.html#h-17.13.4.1[URL-encoded form data] request entity that will be used while executing HTTP requests.
```

Default HTTP request header with name `Content-Type` and value `application/x-www-form-urlencoded; charset=UTF-8` is set.

> In case if `Content-Type` is `text/plain` <<Set HTTP request body>> should be used

Reviewer 3: ```
<<Set HTTP request body>>
```
 - does it work?

Author: do you mean 'link to Set HTTP request body section' or method 'Set HTTP request body' in general?

[source,gherkin]
----

> Given form data request: $parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Given form data request:$parameters
```
